Added Evaluation Mode (#251) (#288)
Coteh/simpleimage: README.md

SESSION_SECRET=<session secret goes here>
GA_TRACKING_ID=<Google Analytics Tracking ID (Universal Analytics)>
LOGIN_TO_UPLOAD=true  # omit this variable if you don't want to require users to login to upload
EVALUATION_MODE=true # omit this variable to diable automatic removal of images

> EXPIRE_AFTER_SECONDS=300 # set this to set time for the images to be stored in database in evaluation mdoe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EXPIRE_AFTER_SECONDS=300 # set this to set time for the images to be stored in database in evaluation mode (default is 300 if unspecified)
```
